hello YouTube spazzy coming right at you
welcome to an update video boy I haven't
done one of these in a while before when
I did videos like this I did them in
vlog format but since i started spazzy
IRL i tend to not do vlogs here anymore
on the main channel so if you want that
type of content feel free to go
subscribe link in the description but in
the interest of keeping you guys in the
loop and also making sure that I can you
know keep my dialogue with you guys as
tight as possible I decided to make this
video to you yeah give you guys the
latest news on what's up on the channel
and what's in the near future to come so
hopefully you guys will be properly
informed once we're done in the
background you see some gaming footage
I've got a game of the midst might ap
Ezreal which is of course the flavor of
the month I guess I think already on the
PBE the jungling item has been changed
so this probably is not a bill that
you're gonna see in the near future
basically the whole concept of it if you
for some reason haven't heard is that
the new AP jungling item turns as rescue
into a magic damage dealing spell which
also means that it procs things like
glutens and riley's which then in return
means that late game as ro built AP is
no longer just burst image with long
cool downs but a burst image with very
short coulombs thus turning him in my
opinion borderline opie and you got to
see the strength of this build in this
video so grab yourself a drink sit back
relax and enjoy I've got a cup of coffee
first big announcement and it is indeed
the biggest one I've already made a
video about this on the IRL channel but
it is that I have finally bought a new
apartment I am super happy it's a
beautiful place it's in the central
parts of Stockholm which has been my
dream to move there for the longest of
times and this is random to all of you
guys as well because it means that once
we get settled in I will hopefully
finally be able to stream a little bit
more frequently because in this
apartment I do have my own studio with a
door that I can shut isn't that amazing
so i'll still be rocking the scheduled
live stream every Tuesday for p.m.
central european summer time but in
theory let's say marlon goes to bed
early on a Monday like she usually does
because journalists start their day very
very early I can if my production
schedule allows me have those
spontaneous stream for four hours before
i go to bed time will have to tell
exactly how frequently we're talking
about here but at
expect more let's leave it at that now
we're not moving in until early
September and at that point I'll
definitely do a little house tour and
upload it either here or again on the
IRL channel and finally I would also
like to thank you guys for making this
possible the only reason I'm able to
afford a place like this is because
you're watching my content and I've been
able to work with sponsor because of
that and you know I've been able to
accumulate the funds needed for a decent
loan and it's all thanks to you guys so
thank you so much sincerely I'm hoping
that I'm able to return it in form of
more frequent streams and second
announcement I have again listened to
all my friends and loved ones and also
you guys telling me that I need to take
vacations now when you work with
something that you absolutely love doing
this does not really come naturally but
I've also learned that even though I
might not feel like I need it when I do
take some days off work and come back I
always feel more energized I feel more
focused and i think that the content
actually proves because of it so I am
gonna spend a week on a boat in Croatia
I'm just going to be enjoying the
weather the beautiful water there and
just hanging out with the friends that
I'm going there with we are talking
specifically about the 11th to the 18th
of july so next week if you're watching
this close to its upload and us with all
vacations that i take i always try to
over-deliver the week before meaning
that hopefully i'll be able to have one
or two scheduled videos for you guys the
next week when I'm gone but there will
be no stream on Tuesday the 14th that
much is clear if you're from Croatia I'm
sorry I'm not gonna have a meet-up
because yes even though I love to
because I loved meeting you guys that
was sort of ruin the point of the
vacation if you do see me though always
come up and say hi because I can't avoid
that so you know no one can actually
complain saying that I'm not taking you
no days off so just come up and say hi
if you do see me okay I don't know how
active I'll be on social media while I'm
there but hey you can probably expect
one or two pictures on my Instagram
trying to make you guys super super
jelly hey and finally I'd like to talk
about some of the events coming up in
the near future the first one that is
confirmed is that I and together with
some of the CJ farts will be at the LCS
finals in Stockholm this is of course
the 22nd and the 23rd of august twenty
second is actually my birthday so it's
gonna be nice celebrating that while
watching the games couldn't think of a
better way to be honest i am gonna do
one of my event videos from there which
means that i'll be running around
interviewing people trying to be funny
now if you're going you must make sure
to keep an eye on my facebook or twitter
as I will be giving more details as we
get closer to it as to where and how we
can organize meet up with me and the CD
parts and where that is going to take
place at cetera so keep your eyes open
on my social media ok and when it comes
to games com I know a lot of you guys
are asking about this this is the 62 the
ninth of august i think i'm still trying
to work out the fine prints there but
I'm you know trying my hardest to go
there this year again because you know
last year when I went there I wasn't
able to say hi to all of you guys so I'm
definitely trying my hardest to get
there so if you go into games come same
rule keep an eye on my Facebook and my
Twitter and you know as soon as I know
something as soon as it everything is
booked I will announce it am I on
alternative video as well just make sure
that you guys know hey and that is that
I hope you guys are now in the loop
about everything that is going on with
the channel and I hope you had an
excellent weekend and that I'll see as
many of you as possible tomorrow for the
weekly stream 4pm century peon
summertime until then this is ben spazzy
and I about goods